docs(web-components): notes on tests (#5090)
carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom: packages/web-components/IMPLEMENTATION_NOTES.md

#### Simulating a user action

There are a couple of common ways to simulate a user action. The easiest one is using [`HTMLElement.click()` method](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLElement/click). Another one is creating a custom event and running [`.dispatchEvent()`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/EventTarget/dispatchEvent). An example of the latter can be found [here](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/blob/v1.15.0/packages/web-components/src/components/footer/__tests__/footer-nav-group.test.ts#L102-L103).

#### Inspecting a DOM element or a component property

> We can simply grab component DOM to see a property is correct or its shadow DOM content is in correct. An example of the former can be found [here](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/blob/v1.15.0/packages/web-components/src/components/carousel/__tests__/carousel.test.ts#L204-L206). An example of the latter can be found [here](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/blob/v1.15.0/packages/web-components/src/components/carousel/__tests__/carousel.test.ts#L127-L129).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can simply grab a component DOM to see whether its property or shadow DOM content is correct. An example of the former can be found [here](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/blob/v1.15.0/packages/web-components/src/components/carousel/__tests__/carousel.test.ts#L204-L206). An example of the latter can be found [here](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/blob/v1.15.0/packages/web-components/src/components/carousel/__tests__/carousel.test.ts#L127-L129).
```

#### Seeing if a particular method has been called or a particular event has been fired

To see if a particular method has been called or a particular event has been fired, we use [spies](https://jasmine.github.io/2.0/introduction#section-Spies). An example can be found [here](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/blob/v1.15.0/packages/web-components/src/components/expressive-modal/__tests__/expressive-modal.test.ts#L121-L127).

### Defining mocks

> The core notion of unit tests is running tests in an isolated environment, so that minimum factors come into play wrt whether the tests pass or fail. [Mocks](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mock_object) are very useful to achieve that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The core notion of unit tests is running tests in an isolated environment, so that minimal factors affect whether the tests pass or fail. [Mocks](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mock_object) are very useful to achieve that.
```
